From justine at skysedge.com  Mon Apr 15 17:46:53 2024
From: justine at skysedge.com (Justine Haupt)
Date: Mon, 15 Apr 2024 17:46:53 -0400
Subject: Rotary Un-Smartphone Update: A Different Kind
Message-ID: <7dc53972-4e0e-430d-bdec-2ff875e8269e@skysedge.com>

Greetings to my long-time customers, fans, and well-wishers,

It's been over 3 years since launching the Rotary Un-Smartphone. As most 
of you know, there have been countless false starts, countless update 
emails promising imminent shipment of phone kits, and countless 
instances of news and non-news regarding the status and progress of the 
project that is Sky's Edge and the release of the RUSP.

This is a different kind of email because I'm able to make an 
announcement of a fundamentally different nature from ones that came 
before.

*Part one* of this announcement is that it's no longer just me. Samuel, 
Nila, Joe, and Don are now core members of Sky's Edge with expertise in 
engineering, manufacturing, management, logistics, and IT. Shevon also 
joins us as our first intern, having just graduated with a mechanical 
engineering degree.

Many of you will know that it's been nearly impossible to get in touch 
with me. I see unanswered emails ranging from general requests for a 
pulse, to requests for refunds. Samuel, Nila, and Joe are starting to 
pour through these emails and will be addressing questions and refunds 
in a much more timely way than I've done before. Going forward, new 
correspondence will be addressed within a couple days once we finish 
getting through the backlog.

In order to get back on track, they will also be helping me answer 
emails sent to justine at skysedge.com as well as from support at skysedge.com 
and info at skysedge.com. To reiterate this point, I will not necessarily 
be the one to field messages going to the "justine" address, although 
the team will pass important messages to me as needed.

*Part two* of this announcement is that we just finished testing a fresh 
batch of 60 kits, the electronics for 55 of which are shown in the 
attached photo, taken yesterday. It's also exciting to me that this is 
the first set of electronics that were *not* produced by myself. This 
honor goes to Samuel for doing the surface mount manufacturing, to Nila 
for doing the through-hole soldering and parts packing, and to both Joe 
and Samuel for doing the programming and quality checks.? Please picture 
me patting all of them on the back.

We'll be sending these kits out to Option A customers as soon as we pack 
them up. The only other hold up here is that we're still configuring our 
ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning... eww, business words) to automate 
shipping label generation, but we should have that sorted through in the 
next week.

*Part three* of this announcement concerns communication and visibility. 
We know it's been bad. On the forum, there's speculation that the whole 
project is dead, or that I've fallen ill. Going forward, the team will 
also be checking in on the forum, and Joe is working on setting up a 
blog on our website where he'll be documenting various aspects of what 
we're doing.

*On new orders and fully-assembled kits:* We're still targeting later 
this year for the Option B orders. New orders for experimental kits 
(i.e. Option A) remain open on the website, where the lead time has been 
modified to 3 months, which I believe is accurate for the time being 
(i.e. 3 months from now, all previous Option A orders will be caught up 
to present).

For those of you who are still along on this journey, I thank you from 
the bottom of my ventral striatum. As always, for questions, comments, 
refunds, or to vent, please email. Such inquires are now best directed 
to support at skysedge.com.

~Justine
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://skysedge.com/pipermail/rotaryun-smartphone_skysedge.com/attachments/20240415/46798e32/attachment-0001.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: 20240414_120353.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 443319 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://skysedge.com/pipermail/rotaryun-smartphone_skysedge.com/attachments/20240415/46798e32/attachment-0001.jpg>

